Patrick Gibbons | pgibbons
Partner: Clayton Tow

1. We are creating macros that signal to set the CS pin for the SD card to high and low. A high signal means
   we are going to begin transmitting data and a low signal means we are finished transmitting data.

2. You could call f3d_delay_uS in place of that loop and pass it count. I believe this would use less resources
   from the system.

3. DMA allows for much faster rates on transfer, specifically of pixel transfer rates for the LCD screen.
   Using DMA in this lab would allow the screen to print the pictures much faster. 

4. The file allocation table works kind of like a linked list. A file is stored in seperate pieces, called clusters,
   and each cluster points to the next one until the end of the file is reached. If a single part of the file, or one
   cluster, becomes corrupted, it can no longer point to the next cluster. Thus, if even a single cluster is lost,
   every cluster that comes after cannot be reached, and therefore that part of the file is gone.

5. FAT16 is the original design and is used for smaller partitions. 
   FAT32 was developed later on for Windows 95 and supports larger partitions and better storage efficiency. It also
   uses more bits to address clusters and the clusters are smaller.

We initially had a lot of problems just trying to understand how to read the data from the .BMP files into
a buffer where we could then access the pixel data. We understood the concept of the header, but had no idea how
to read up to the end of the header so we could start at the pixel data. Eventually, and with a lot of help, we
got it to read through the header and then read the pixel data, one row at a time. Next came the bit-shifting, which
we also had help with and looked up the pixel structure online. This was kind of trial and error but it worked after
a bit. After we got the functionality of reading the file to work, it wasn't hard to build the application. There
were some random errors that popped up from time to time but these were fixed with restarts.
